[GOSPEL JOHN PLAYING]
JOE DESENA: Hey, everyone. My name is Joe.
I'll be the conductor for the Clarkson pep band this fall, which means you'll see me at all the practices and hockey games
where we play songs like 7 Nation Army, Take On Me, and Hooked On a Feeling,
which always gets the student section cheering.
[DRUMROLL]
MAURA MAGUIRE: My favorite thing about the pep band is the energy that we bring to the games and any other event we attend.
ETHAN LAFERRIERE: My favorite part about the band is the people.
CAROLINE MOREAU: All of the great memories and the amazing friends that I've made.
NICK SCHALAGO: My favorite part about the pep band is the family feel that I get when I'm with them.
Whether it be Lampson Falls, a hockey game, apple picking, pumpkin picking, bowling, or even a weekend trip to RPI and Union,
I'm always having fun when I'm with the band.
I'll CU in the fall!